# User Guide: Working with Joe
Welcome to my user guide. I appreciate your time to learn more about me. I’m looking to establish and build a meaningful relationship (beyond surface level), build trust, and accomplish more together. The relationship between you and I will make the biggest impact on your engagement, retention, and development. Therefore, as we learn and grow together, I can make a huge difference. 

Writing the user guide provided me with the space to reflect and become more self-aware. I highly encourage you to write your own user guide. Not only will you learn more about yourself, but the team will also get to know you and work with you better.

This guide is a living document and the content will change over time as I continue to grow as a person and learn how we can best support each other. 

### Leadership Inspiration and Philosophy - Start with Why
I was inspired to become a leader when I discovered Simon Sinek’s work. He’s written several books on leadership and business. He’s well known for his TED Talk, [Start with Why - How Great Leaders Inspire Action](https://www.ted.com/talks/simon_sinek_how_great_leaders_inspire_action?language=en) which led to his first book, Start with Why. I recommend reading his entire library. 

Most recently, I read [The Infinite Game](https://simonsinek.com/the-infinite-game). The book inspired me to adopt an infinite mindset. In an infinite game, there is no end. It’s not about winning or losing like baseball (a finite game). It’s about understanding that you’ll be ahead and behind at various stages. With a finite mindset, you focus and “win” in the short term. There can be many finite games within the infinite game. However, if you only focus on the short-term, you’ll lose sight of the future and long-term growth potential. With an infinite mindset, you think about your competitors as rivals and learn from them, stay aligned to your purpose, and avoid becoming a commodity. The goal is to stay adaptable in a changing environment, perpetuate your business, outlast your rivals, and lead people into the future.

### People are Human Beings, not Resources
What is a company? People serving people serving people. I’m very passionate about treating people as people. A diverse, inclusive, inspired, innovative, and performing team does not exist without people. People have ideas, emotions, beliefs, and hearts. People get things done. Creating a diverse, inclusive, and safe experience, it’s about encouraging and supporting people to bring their whole selves to work. You may have heard, “People are a company’s most important asset.” I believe people and their relationships are more important than just people to perpetuate long-term growth. I also don’t like the word asset as it can imply people are owned and managed like resources. Leadership expert, Tom Peters sums it up and shares his raw emotion about the topic in this [short 3-minute video](https://vimeo.com/347311842). I will not call you a resource. I respect you as a human being. I will use the word resource when referring to things like a book, software, a link to a Google Doc, and cool Shure audio equipment.
